Domain Name: nic.sucks
Registry Domain ID: D2E185D7DEC6A4AB3958150BD34EBDC8A-ARI
Registrar WHOIS Server:
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2019-12-24T02:20:48Z
Creation Date: 2014-11-09T02:20:45Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2020-11-09T02:20:45Z
Registrar: Vox Populi Registry Inc
Registrar IANA ID: 9999
Registrar Abuse Contact Email:
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone:
Domain Status: serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited
Domain Status: serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID:
Registrant Name:
Registrant Organization: Vox Populi Registry Inc.
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant City:
Registrant State/Province: Grand Cayman
Registrant Postal Code:
Registrant Country: ky
Registrant Phone:
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax:
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Admin ID:
Admin Name:
Admin Organization:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin City:
Admin State/Province:
Admin Postal Code:
Admin Country:
Admin Phone:
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax:
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Tech ID:
Tech Name:
Tech Organization:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech City:
Tech State/Province:
Tech Postal Code:
Tech Country:
Tech Phone:
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax:
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Name Server: b.nic.sucks
Name Server: a.nic.sucks
Name Server: c.nic.sucks
Name Server: d.nic.sucks
DNSSEC: signedDelegation
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-06T20:03:15Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The above WHOIS results have been redacted to remove potential personal data. The full WHOIS output may be available to individuals and organisations with a legitimate interest in accessing this data not outweighed by the fundamental privacy rights of the data subject. To find out more, or to make a request for access, please visit: RDDSrequest.nic.sucks.

The Service is provided so that you may look up certain information in relation to domain names that we store in our database.

Use of the Service is subject to our policies, in particular you should familiarise yourself with our Acceptable Use Policy and our Privacy Policy.

The information provided by this Service is 'as is' and we make no guarantee of it its accuracy.

You agree that by your use of the Service you will not use the information provided by us in a way which is:
* inconsistent with any applicable laws,
* inconsistent with any policy issued by us,
* to generate, distribute, or facilitate unsolicited mass email, promotions, advertisings or other solicitations, or
* to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to the Service.

You acknowledge that:
* a response from the Service that a domain name is 'available', does not guarantee that is able to be registered,
* we may restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the Service at any time, and
* the copying, compilation, repackaging, dissemination or other use of the information provided by the Service is not permitted, without our express written consent.

This information has been prepared and published in order to represent administrative and technical management of the TLD.

We may discontinue or amend any part or the whole of these Terms of Service from time to time at our absolute discretion.
