Domain Name: nic.flickr
Registry Domain ID: D808-FLICKR
Registrar WHOIS Server:
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2019-07-11T02:27:57Z
Creation Date: 2013-09-16T20:16:44Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2024-09-15T23:59:59Z
Registrar: Yahoo! Domain Services Inc.
Registrar IANA ID: 9999
Registrar Abuse Contact Email:
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone:
Domain Status: serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited
Domain Status: serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID:
Registrant Name:
Registrant Organization: Yahoo! Domain Services Inc.
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant City:
Registrant State/Province: VA
Registrant Postal Code:
Registrant Country: us
Registrant Phone:
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax:
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Admin ID:
Admin Name:
Admin Organization:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin City:
Admin State/Province:
Admin Postal Code:
Admin Country:
Admin Phone:
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax:
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Tech ID:
Tech Name:
Tech Organization:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech City:
Tech State/Province:
Tech Postal Code:
Tech Country:
Tech Phone:
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax:
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Name Server: ns2.dns.nic.flickr
Name Server: ns5.dns.nic.flickr
Name Server: ns3.dns.nic.flickr
Name Server: ns4.dns.nic.flickr
Name Server: ns1.dns.nic.flickr
Name Server: ns6.dns.nic.flickr
DNSSEC: signedDelegation
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-07T13:25:50Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The above WHOIS results have been redacted to remove potential personal data. The full WHOIS output may be available to individuals and organisations with a legitimate interest in accessing this data not outweighed by the fundamental privacy rights of the data subject. To find out more, or to make a request for access, please visit: RDDSrequest.nic.flickr.

The data in the .flickr Whois database is provided to assist you in obtaining information about a domain name registration record.  Yahoo makes this information available "as is", for information purposes only, and does not guarantee its accuracy. Please do not misuse this database.  By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree that you will use this data only for lawful purposes and that, under no circumstances will you use this data:

(1) to allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail (spam), telephone or fax; or

(2) in contravention of any applicable data and privacy protection legislation; or

(3) to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that send queries or data to the .flickr registry, Registrants, or the systems of any Registrar.  The compilation, repackaging, dissemination or other use of this data, in whole or in substantial portion, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Yahoo.  You agree not to use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or query the WHOIS database except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or modify existing domain name registrations.  

Yahoo reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. By submitting this query, you agree to abide by these terms. Yahoo reserves the right to restrict or terminate your access to this WHOIS database if you fail to abide by these terms.  We may retain certain details about queries to this database for purposes of detecting and preventing misuse.

Note the .flickr database contains ONLY information related to names that are currently registered within the .flickr top level domain. Failure to locate a record in the WHOIS database is not indicative of the unavailability of a domain name.
