Domain Name: nic.nike
Registry Domain ID: D511-NIKE
Registrar WHOIS Server:
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2019-07-15T01:00:32Z
Creation Date: 2013-08-09T22:39:05Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2024-08-08T23:59:59Z
Registrar: Nike, Inc.
Registrar IANA ID: 9999
Registrar Abuse Contact Email:
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone:
Domain Status: serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited
Domain Status: serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID:
Registrant Name:
Registrant Organization: Nike, Inc.
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant City:
Registrant State/Province: OR
Registrant Postal Code:
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone:
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax:
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Admin ID:
Admin Name:
Admin Organization:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin City:
Admin State/Province:
Admin Postal Code:
Admin Country:
Admin Phone:
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax:
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Tech ID:
Tech Name:
Tech Organization:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech City:
Tech State/Province:
Tech Postal Code:
Tech Country:
Tech Phone:
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax:
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Name Server: ns6.dns.nic.nike
Name Server: ns5.dns.nic.nike
Name Server: ns2.dns.nic.nike
Name Server: ns4.dns.nic.nike
Name Server: ns1.dns.nic.nike
Name Server: ns3.dns.nic.nike
DNSSEC: signedDelegation
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-07T13:30:16Z <<<
The above WHOIS results have been redacted to remove potential personal data. The full WHOIS output may be available to individuals and organisations with a legitimate interest in accessing this data not outweighed by the fundamental privacy rights of the data subject. To find out more, or to make a request for access, please visit: RDDSrequest.nic.nike.
For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The WHOIS service offered by NIKE, Inc. ("NIKE") the Registry Operator for .NIKE, and the access to the records in the .NIKE WHOIS database are provided for information purposes only and is designed to assist persons in obtaining information and content related to the registration records of existing domain names in the registry database.  NIKE cannot, under any circumstances, be held liable in such instances where the stored information would prove to be wrong, incomplete, or not accurate in any sense, and NIKE cannot guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree that you will not use this data: (i) to allow, enable or otherwise support in any way the transmission of unsolicited, commercial advertising or other solicitations whether via direct mail, email, telephone or otherwise; (ii) to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to the registry (or its systems ); (iii) for target advertising in any possible way; (iv) to cause nuisance in any possible way to the registrants by sending (whether by automated, electronic processes capable of enabling high volumes or other possible means) messages to them; (v) to violate any law, rule, regulation or statute; and/or (vi) in contravention of any applicable data and privacy protection acts. Without prejudice to the above, it is explicitly forbidden to compile, repackage, disseminate, extract, copy and/or use or re-utilize in any form and by any means the contents of the WHOIS database (either in its entirety or a substantial portion thereof) without prior and explicit permission by NIKE. You agree that any reproduction and/or transmission of data for commercial purposes will always be considered an extraction of a substantial part of the content of the WHOIS database. By submitting a query and/or using this website, you agree to abide by this policy and acknowledge that NIKE can take measures to limit the use of its WHOIS services in order to protect the privacy of its registrants or the integrity of the database. We reserve the right to make changes to the Website, the Service(s) and these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice to you. It is your responsibility to review these Terms and Conditions each time you access or use the Website and/or Service(s) to keep informed of any changes.

