Domain Name: nic.taipei
Registry Domain ID: D412-TAIPEI
Registrar WHOIS Server:
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2019-07-17T00:23:09Z
Creation Date: 2013-08-09T22:57:57Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2024-08-08T23:59:59Z
Registrar: Taipei City Government
Registrar IANA ID: 9999
Registrar Abuse Contact Email:
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone:
Domain Status: serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited
Domain Status: serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID:
Registrant Name:
Registrant Organization: Taipei City Government
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant City:
Registrant State/Province:
Registrant Postal Code:
Registrant Country: TW
Registrant Phone:
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax:
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Admin ID:
Admin Name:
Admin Organization:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin City:
Admin State/Province:
Admin Postal Code:
Admin Country:
Admin Phone:
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax:
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Tech ID:
Tech Name:
Tech Organization:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech City:
Tech State/Province:
Tech Postal Code:
Tech Country:
Tech Phone:
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax:
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Name Server: ns5.dns.nic.taipei
Name Server: ns6.dns.nic.taipei
Name Server: ns3.dns.nic.taipei
Name Server: ns2.dns.nic.taipei
Name Server: ns4.dns.nic.taipei
Name Server: ns1.dns.nic.taipei
DNSSEC: signedDelegation
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-06T20:04:11Z <<<
The above WHOIS results have been redacted to remove potential personal data. The full WHOIS output may be available to individuals and organisations with a legitimate interest in accessing this data not outweighed by the fundamental privacy rights of the data subject. To find out more, or to make a request for access, please visit: RDDSrequest.nic.taipei.

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

When using the .taipei Whois service, consider the following: The Whois service is not a replacement for standard EPP commands to the SRS service. The Whois service may be scheduled for downtime during production or operation, testing and evaluation maintenance periods. Queries to the Whois service may be "throttled" (i.e. if too many queries are received from a single IP address within a specified time, the service will begin to reject further queries for a period of time to prevent disruption of Whois service access). By submitted a WHOIS query, the requestor agrees that he/she will use the information obtained through the WHOIS search for lawful purposes only and that he/she will at no time now or in the future: a. allow, enable, solicit, and/or encourage the transmission of mass unsolicited commercial advertising or solicitations via direct mail, electronic mail, or by telephone; b. breach any applicable data and privacy protection acts; and c. utilize and/or enable high volume, automated, and/or electronic processes querying the WHOIS database.

