Domain Name: nic.menu
Registry Domain ID: D38440423827B43FE80F4CD29628510DF-ARI
Registrar WHOIS Server:
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2017-07-14T09:11:28Z
Creation Date: 2013-12-03T07:52:20Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2023-12-03T07:52:20Z
Registrar: Wedding TLD2
Registrar IANA ID: 9999
Registrar Abuse Contact Email:
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone:
Domain Status: serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited
Domain Status: serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID:
Registrant Name:
Registrant Organization:
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant City:
Registrant State/Province: CA
Registrant Postal Code:
Registrant Country: us
Registrant Phone:
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax:
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Admin ID:
Admin Name:
Admin Organization:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin City:
Admin State/Province:
Admin Postal Code:
Admin Country:
Admin Phone:
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax:
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Tech ID:
Tech Name:
Tech Organization:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech City:
Tech State/Province:
Tech Postal Code:
Tech Country:
Tech Phone:
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax:
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Name Server: c.nic.menu
Name Server: a.nic.menu
Name Server: d.nic.menu
Name Server: b.nic.menu
DNSSEC: signedDelegation
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-06T20:03:35Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The above WHOIS results have been redacted to remove potential personal data. The full WHOIS output may be available to individuals and organisations with a legitimate interest in accessing this data not outweighed by the fundamental privacy rights of the data subject. To find out more, or to make a request for access, please visit: RDDSrequest.nic.menu.

The data contained in Wedding TLD2, LLC's WhoIs database, while believed by the company to be reliable, is provided "as is" with no guarantee or warranties regarding its accuracy.

This information is provided for the sole purpose of assisting you in obtaining information about domain name registration records. Any use of this data for any other purpose without the prior written permission of Wedding TLD2, LLC is expressly forbidden.

By submitting an inquiry, you agree to these terms of usage and limitations of warranty, including the use of this data for lawful purposes only. In particular, you agree not to use this data to allow, enable, or otherwise make possible, dissemination or collection of this data, in part or in its entirety, for any purpose, such as the transmission of unsolicited advertising and solicitations of any kind, including spam.

You further agree not to use this data to enable high volume, automated or robotic electronic processes designed to collect or compile this data for any purpose, including mining this data for your own personal or commercial purposes.

Wedding TLD2, LLC reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.
