Domain Name: nic.one
Registry Domain ID: DA86B9A817EC94F21991F8E81D7A68661-ARI
Registrar WHOIS Server:
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2020-02-16T00:20:48Z
Creation Date: 2015-01-02T00:20:44Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2021-01-02T00:20:44Z
Registrar: One.com A/S - ONE
Registrar IANA ID: 9999
Registrar Abuse Contact Email:
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone:
Domain Status: serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited
Domain Status: serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID:
Registrant Name:
Registrant Organization: One.com
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant City:
Registrant State/Province:
Registrant Postal Code:
Registrant Country: dk
Registrant Phone:
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax:
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Admin ID:
Admin Name:
Admin Organization:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin City:
Admin State/Province:
Admin Postal Code:
Admin Country:
Admin Phone:
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax:
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Tech ID:
Tech Name:
Tech Organization:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech City:
Tech State/Province:
Tech Postal Code:
Tech Country:
Tech Phone:
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax:
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Name Server: d.nic.one
Name Server: b.nic.one
Name Server: a.nic.one
Name Server: c.nic.one
DNSSEC: signedDelegation
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-06T20:02:15Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The above WHOIS results have been redacted to remove potential personal data. The full WHOIS output may be available to individuals and organisations with a legitimate interest in accessing this data not outweighed by the fundamental privacy rights of the data subject. To find out more, or to make a request for access, please visit: RDDSrequest.nic.one.

Data provided as WHOIS information on this page is intended to provide you with relevant contact information for a domain name registrant and associated administrative and technical contact.

The data in this record is provided by One Registry for information purposes only, and One Registry does not guarantee the accuracy of the information provided. One Registry is authoritative for WHOIS information in TLDs operated by One Registry under contract with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN). 

This WHOIS service is intended only for query-based access. By using this service, you agree that you will use any data presented only for lawful purposes and that, under no circumstances will you
 (a) use the data to allow, enable, or otherwise support any marketing activities, regardless of the medium used. Such media include but are not limited to e-mail, telephone, facsimile, postal mail and SMS; or
 (b) use the data to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that send queries or data to the systems of any Registry Operator or ICANN-Accredited registrar, except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or modify existing registrations; or
 (c) sell or redistribute the data except insofar as it has been incorporated into a value-added product or service that does not permit the extraction of a substantial portion of the bulk data from the value-added product or service for use by other parties.

 One Registry reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. By submitting this query and using the WHOIS service provided by One Registry, you agree to these terms of use.
