Domain Name: nic.mattel
Registry Domain ID: D511-MATTEL
Registrar WHOIS Server:
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2019-07-14T23:49:16Z
Creation Date: 2013-08-09T22:28:14Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2024-08-08T23:59:59Z
Registrar: Mattel, Inc.
Registrar IANA ID: 9999
Registrar Abuse Contact Email:
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone:
Domain Status: serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited
Domain Status: serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: C1883-MATTEL
Registrant Name: Mattel, Inc.
Registrant Organization: Mattel, Inc.
Registrant Street: 333 Continental Blvd.
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant City: El Segundo
Registrant State/Province: CA
Registrant Postal Code: 90245
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone: +1.3102524220
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax: +1.3102524991
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: registrycontact@mattel.com
Registry Admin ID: C510-MATTEL
Admin Name: Neustar, Inc.
Admin Organization:
Admin Street: 21575 Ridgetop Cir
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin City: Sterling
Admin State/Province: VA
Admin Postal Code: 20166
Admin Country: US
Admin Phone: +1.5714345400
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax:
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: support@neustar.biz
Registry Tech ID: C510-MATTEL
Tech Name: Neustar, Inc.
Tech Organization:
Tech Street: 21575 Ridgetop Cir
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech City: Sterling
Tech State/Province: VA
Tech Postal Code: 20166
Tech Country: US
Tech Phone: +1.5714345400
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax:
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: support@neustar.biz
Name Server: ns6.dns.nic.mattel
Name Server: ns5.dns.nic.mattel
Name Server: ns4.dns.nic.mattel
Name Server: ns1.dns.nic.mattel
Name Server: ns3.dns.nic.mattel
Name Server: ns2.dns.nic.mattel
DNSSEC: signedDelegation
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-07T13:25:47Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The WHOIS service offered by Mattel Sites, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Mattel, Inc. and the Registry Operator for .MATTEL, and the access to the
records in the .MATTEL WHOIS database are provided for information purposes
only and is designed to assist persons in obtaining information related to the
registration records of existing domain names. Mattel Sites, Inc. cannot, under
any circumstances, be held liable in such instances where the stored information
would prove to be wrong, incomplete, or not accurate in any sense. By submitting
a WHOIS query, you agree that you will not use this data: (i) to allow, enable or
otherwise support in any way the transmission of unsolicited, commercial
advertising or other solicitations whether via direct mail, email, telephone or
otherwise; (ii) to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply
to the registry (or its systems); (iii) for target advertising in any possible way; (iv)
to cause nuisance in any possible way to the registrants by sending (whether by
automated, electronic processes capable of enabling high volumes or other
possible means) messages to them; (v) to violate any law, rule, regulation or
statute; and/or (vi) in contravention of any applicable data and privacy protection
acts. Without prejudice to the above, it is explicitly forbidden to extract, copy
and/or use or re-utilize in any form and by any means (electronically or not) the
whole or a quantitatively or qualitatively substantial part of the contents of the
WHOIS database without prior and explicit permission by Mattel Sites, Inc., nor in
any attempt hereof, or to apply automated, electronic processes to Mattel Sites,
Inc. (or its systems). You agree that any reproduction and/or transmission of data
for commercial purposes will always be considered as the extraction of a
substantial part of the content of the WHOIS database. By utilizing this website
and/or submitting a query you agree to abide by this policy and accept that Mattel
Sites, Inc., can take measures to limit the use of its WHOIS services in order to
protect the privacy of its registrants or the integrity of the database. We reserve
the right to make changes to the WHOIS website, services and/or these Terms of
Use at any time without prior notice to you. It is your responsibility to review
these Terms of Use each time you access or use the WHOIS website or services
to keep apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to the changes
implemented by Mattel Sites, Inc., your sole and exclusive remedy is to terminate
your use of the WHOIS website and/or service(s).
By executing a query, in any manner whatsoever, you agree to abide by these
Terms and Conditions.

