Domain Name: nic.oldnavy
Registry Domain ID: D511-OLDNAVY
Registrar WHOIS Server:
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2019-07-15T02:10:48Z
Creation Date: 2013-08-09T22:39:56Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2024-08-08T23:59:59Z
Registrar: The Gap, Inc.
Registrar IANA ID: 9999
Registrar Abuse Contact Email:
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone:
Domain Status: serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited
Domain Status: serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: C2081-OLDNAVY
Registrant Name: The Gap, Inc.
Registrant Organization:
Registrant Street: 2 Folsom Street
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant City: San Francisco
Registrant State/Province: CA
Registrant Postal Code: 94105
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone: +1.4154270100
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax: +1.4154270275
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: hostmaster@gap.com
Registry Admin ID: C510-OLDNAVY
Admin Name: Neustar, Inc.
Admin Organization:
Admin Street: 21575 Ridgetop Cir
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin City: Sterling
Admin State/Province: VA
Admin Postal Code: 20166
Admin Country: US
Admin Phone: +1.5714345400
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax:
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: support@neustar.biz
Registry Tech ID: C510-OLDNAVY
Tech Name: Neustar, Inc.
Tech Organization:
Tech Street: 21575 Ridgetop Cir
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech City: Sterling
Tech State/Province: VA
Tech Postal Code: 20166
Tech Country: US
Tech Phone: +1.5714345400
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax:
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: support@neustar.biz
Name Server: ns1.dns.nic.oldnavy
Name Server: ns6.dns.nic.oldnavy
Name Server: ns4.dns.nic.oldnavy
Name Server: ns3.dns.nic.oldnavy
Name Server: ns2.dns.nic.oldnavy
Name Server: ns5.dns.nic.oldnavy
DNSSEC: signedDelegation
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-07T13:25:45Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The WHOIS service offered by The Gap, Inc. ("Gap Inc."), the Registry Operator for .GAP, and the access to the records in the .GAP WHOIS database are provided for information purposes only and are designed to assist persons in obtaining information related to the registration records of existing domain names. Gap Inc. cannot, under any circumstances, be held liable in such instances where the stored information proves to be wrong, incomplete, or not accurate in any way. By utilizing the WHOIS website (the "Website") and the WHOIS services provided (the "Services"), you agree that you will not use this data: (i) to allow, enable or otherwise support in any way the transmission of unsolicited commercial advertising or other solicitations whether via direct mail, email, telephone or otherwise; (ii) to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to the registry (or its systems); (iii) for target advertising in any possible way; (iv) to cause nuisance in any possible way to the registrants by sending (whether by automated, electronic processes capable of enabling high volumes or other possible means) messages to them; (v) to violate any law, rule, regulation or statute; and/or (vi) in contravention of any applicable data and privacy protection laws, statutes or regulations. Without prejudice to the above, it is explicitly forbidden to extract, copy and/or use or re-utilize in any form and by any means (electronically or not) the whole or a quantitatively or qualitatively substantial part of the contents of the WHOIS database without prior and explicit permission from Gap Inc., nor in any attempt hereof, or to apply automated, electronic processes to Gap Inc. (or its systems). You agree that any reproduction and/or transmission of data for commercial purposes will always be considered as the extraction of a substantial part of the content of the WHOIS database. By utilizing this website and/or submitting a query you agree to abide by this policy and accept that Gap Inc. can take measures to limit the use of its WHOIS services in order to protect the privacy of its registrants or the integrity of the database. Gap Inc. reserves the right to make changes to the Website, the Service(s) and these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use each time you access or use the Website and/or Service(s) to keep apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to the changes implemented by Gap Inc., your sole and exclusive remedy is to terminate your use of the Website and/or Service(s). By executing a query, in any manner whatsoever, you agree to abide by these Terms of Use.
