Domain Name: nic.cisco
Registry Domain ID: D907-CISCO
Registrar WHOIS Server:
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2019-07-19T04:58:27Z
Creation Date: 2013-09-16T20:08:49Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2024-09-15T23:59:59Z
Registrar: Cisco Technology Inc
Registrar IANA ID: 9999
Registrar Abuse Contact Email:
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone:
Domain Status: serverUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverUpdateProhibited
Domain Status: serverDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: serverTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#serverTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: C2377-CISCO
Registrant Name: Cisco Technology Inc.
Registrant Organization: Cisco Technology Inc.
Registrant Street: 170 West Tasman Drive
Registrant Street:
Registrant Street:
Registrant City: San Jose
Registrant State/Province: CA
Registrant Postal Code: 95134
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone: +1.8005536387
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax: +1.7702364837
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: infosec@cisco.com
Registry Admin ID: C906-CISCO
Admin Name: Neustar, Inc.
Admin Organization:
Admin Street: 21575 Ridgetop Cir
Admin Street:
Admin Street:
Admin City: Sterling
Admin State/Province: VA
Admin Postal Code: 20166
Admin Country: US
Admin Phone: +1.5714345400
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax:
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: support@neustar.biz
Registry Tech ID: C906-CISCO
Tech Name: Neustar, Inc.
Tech Organization:
Tech Street: 21575 Ridgetop Cir
Tech Street:
Tech Street:
Tech City: Sterling
Tech State/Province: VA
Tech Postal Code: 20166
Tech Country: US
Tech Phone: +1.5714345400
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax:
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: support@neustar.biz
Name Server: ns4.dns.nic.cisco
Name Server: ns6.dns.nic.cisco
Name Server: ns1.dns.nic.cisco
Name Server: ns5.dns.nic.cisco
Name Server: ns3.dns.nic.cisco
Name Server: ns2.dns.nic.cisco
DNSSEC: signedDelegation
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-06T20:05:14Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The WHOIS service offered by Cisco Technology, Inc. (Cisco), the Registry Operator for .CISCO, and the access to the records in the .CISCO WHOIS database are provided for information purposes only and is designed to assist persons in obtaining information related to the registration records of existing domain names. Cisco cannot, under any circumstances, be held liable in such instances where the stored information would prove to be wrong, incomplete, or not accurate in any sense. By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree that you will not use this data: (i) to allow, enable or otherwise support in any way the transmission of unsolicited, commercial advertising or other solicitations whether via direct mail, email, telephone or otherwise; (ii) to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to the registry (or its systems); (iii) for target advertising in any possible way; (iv) to cause nuisance in any possible way to the registrants by sending (whether by automated, electronic processes capable of enabling high volumes or other possible means) messages to them; (v) to violate any law, rule, regulation or statute; and/or (vi) in contravention of any applicable data and privacy protection acts. Without prejudice to the above, it is explicitly forbidden to extract, copy and/or use or re-utilize in any form and by any means (electronically or not) the whole or a quantitatively or qualitatively substantial part of the contents of the WHOIS database without prior and explicit permission by Cisco, nor in any attempt hereof, or to apply automated, electronic processes to Cisco (or its systems). You agree that any reproduction and/or transmission of data for commercial purposes will always be considered as the extraction of a substantial part of the content of the WHOIS database. By utilizing this website and/or submitting a query you agree to abide by this policy and accept that Cisco, can take measures to limit the use of its WHOIS services in order to protect the privacy of its registrants or the integrity of the database. We reserve the right to make changes to the WHOIS website, services and/or these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use each time you access or use the WHOIS website or services to keep apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to the changes implemented by Cisco, your sole and exclusive remedy is to terminate your use of the WHOIS website and/or service(s).

By executing a query, in any manner whatsoever, you agree to abide by these Terms and Conditions.

