No match for "SL34FDS32.CSC".
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-06T21:31:48Z <<<

TERMS OF USE:  The WHOIS Service (the “Service”) offered by 
Alliance-One Services, Inc./Computer Sciences Corporation, the 
Registry Operator for .CSC, or their designated representatives, and 
the access to the records in the .CSC WHOIS database, is provided for 
information purposes only to assist in obtaining information related 
to the registration records of existing domain names.  The 
information provided by the Service is made available on an “as is” 
basis and is not guaranteed to be accurate.  Registry Operator 
cannot, under any circumstances, be held liable in any instances 
where the information provided may be incomplete or not accurate 
in any sense.
Use of the Service is subject to the Registry’s Policies, including the 
Acceptable Use Policy and Privacy Policy.  By submitting a WHOIS 
query, you agree to abide by the Registry’s Policies and that you will 
use this data only for lawful purposes and that, under no 
circumstances will you use this data: (1) to allow, enable, or 
otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial 
advertising or solicitations via direct mail, electronic mail, or by 
telephone; (2) in contravention of any law, rule, regulation, or 
statute, including any applicable data and privacy protection acts; (3) 
for use in any targeted advertising or other commercial use; and/or 
(4) to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes.  
Extraction, compilation, dissemination, or other use of the WHOIS 
database in its entirety, or of a substantial portion thereof, is not 
permitted without express written consent.  If you do not agree to 
the Registry’s Policies or any terms herein, your sole and exclusive 
remedy is to terminate your use of the WHOIS website and/or 
service(s).  By executing this query, in any manner whatsoever, you 
agree to abide by these Terms.  Registry Operator reserves the right 
to modify or change its Policies, the WHOIS website, services and/or 
these Terms at any time without notification of any kind.  
You acknowledge that the Service’s failure to locate a record is not 
indicative of the availability of a domain name and that .CSC is a 
closed registry with restrictions on registration and which is subject 
to other ICANN requirements.  Further, you acknowledge that 
Registry Operator may restrict, suspend or terminate access to the 
Service at any time for any reason.