No match for "SL34FDS32.MED".
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-06T21:32:03Z <<<

WHOIS Information and Legal Disclaimer
 
WHOIS Search.
You can locate certain records in the Registry database through a Whois 
search. Whois can provide information, by example, about:
1.	Domain Records - Find registrar name, Whois server, URL, 
domain names, name servers and IP addresses 
2.	Updated data contained in the records
3.	Name Server Records - Find the name server name, IP addresses, 
registrar name, Whois server name and URL
4.	Registrar Records - Find postal address, phone number and 
contact information of registrar and the registrar’s name

Dissemination of Domain Registration Information.

Registry provides Whois information through a standard text-based 
network protocol on port 43. Whois information may also be viewed on 
the registry’s website using a standard web interface. Both interfaces are 
publicly available at no cost to the user and are reachable worldwide. 

Domain name registration information is required for a variety of 
purposes. This service is available to any Internet user, and its use does 
not require prior authorization or permission. Access to Registry Whois 
information is provided to assist in determining the contents of a domain 
name registration record in the registry database. The data in this record 
is provided for informational purposes only and users may voluntarily 
query this database; Registry does not claim accuracy. This service is 
intended only for query-based access. Registry reserves the right to 
modify use terms at any time; by submitting a Whois query to the shared 
registration system (SRS), users agree to abide by the [Whois Access 
Policy].
 
Rights and Restrictions of Users. 

Users accessing the WHOIS service must agree to use the data only for 
lawful purposes. Under no circumstances shall the use of the WHOIS 
service be used to:
 
1.	Allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission by e-mail, 
telephone, or facsimile of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising 
or solicitations to entities other than the registrar’s own existing 
customers
2.	Enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that send 
queries or data to the systems of Registry or any ICANN-accredited 
registrar, except as reasonably necessary to register domain names 
or modify existing registrations
 
When Using the Registry Whois Service.

1.	The Whois service is not a replacement for standard EPP 
commands to the SRS service
2.	Whois is not considered authoritative for registered domain 
objects
3.	The Whois service may be scheduled for downtime during 
production or OT&E maintenance periods
4.	Queries to the Whois services are throttled. If too many queries 
are received from a single IP address within a specified time, the 
service will begin to reject further queries for a period of time to 
prevent disruption of Whois service access.

Search for .Med Records.
By submitting a Whois search, you agree to abide by the [Whois Access 
Policy].