No Data Found
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-06T21:31:12Z <<<
The above WHOIS results have been redacted to remove potential personal data. The full WHOIS output may be available to individuals and organisations with a legitimate interest in accessing this data not outweighed by the fundamental privacy rights of the data subject. To find out more, or to make a request for access, please visit: RDDSrequest.nic.bible.
For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The WHOIS service offered by American Bible Society, the Registry Operator for .BIBLE, and access to the records in the .BIBLE WHOIS database are provided for informational purposes only and are designed to assist persons in obtaining information related to the registration records of existing domain names. By using the WHOIS service, you understand that the data is provided "AS IS" and agree that American Bible Society cannot, under any circumstances, be held liable in such instances where the stored information may prove to be wrong, incomplete, or inaccurate in any way.
 
By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree that you will not use this data: (i) to allow, enable or otherwise support in any way the transmission of unsolicited, commercial advertising or other solicitations whether via direct mail, email, telephone or otherwise; (ii) to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to the registry (or its systems); (iii) for target advertising in any possible way; (iv) to cause nuisance in any possible way to the registrants by sending (whether by automated, electronic processes capable of enabling high volumes or other possible means) messages to them; (v) to violate any law, rule, regulation or statute; and/or (vi) in contravention of any applicable data and privacy protection acts.
 
Without prejudice to the above, you are explicitly forbidden to extract, copy and/or use or re-utilize in any form and by any means (electronically or not) the whole or a quantitatively or qualitatively substantial part of the contents of the WHOIS database without prior and explicit permission by American Bible Society, nor in any attempt hereof, or to apply automated, electronic processes to American Bible Society (or its systems). You agree that any reproduction and/or transmission of data for commercial purposes will always be considered as the extraction of a substantial part of the content of the WHOIS database.
 
By utilizing this website and/or submitting a query you agree to abide by this policy and accept American Bible Society's right to take measures to limit the use of its WHOIS services in order to protect the privacy of its registrants or the integrity of the database. We reserve the right to make changes to the Website, the Service(s) and these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice to you. It is your responsibility to review these Terms and Conditions each time you access or use the Website and/or Service(s) to keep apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to the changes implemented by American Bible Society, your sole and exclusive remedy is to terminate your use of the Website and/or Service(s).
 
By executing a query, in any manner whatsoever, you agree to abide by these Terms and Conditions.

NOTE: FAILURE TO LOCATE A RECORD IN THE WHOIS DATABASE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF THE AVAILABILITY OF A DOMAIN NAME.

