No Data Found
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2020-08-06T21:30:54Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

fTLD Registry Services, LLC (Registry Operator) is required to collect and 
provide domain name registration information (Whois Data) for a variety 
of purposes. Registry Operator through its Registry Service Provider enables 
access to Whois Data through a standard text-based network protocol on 
port 43 and as a standard web-based interface at whois.nic.bank. 
Both interfaces are publicly available at no cost to the user and are 
reachable worldwide. This service is available to any Internet user and its 
use does not require prior authorization or permission.

Registry Operator provides the public Whois Data for information purposes 
only, and does not guarantee its accuracy. 

By accessing Whois Data made available by Registry Operator, you agree 
that you will use the Whois Data only for lawful purposes.  Under no 
circumstance shall the data or the systems of Registry Operator and/or 
Registry Service Provider be used to: allow, enable, or otherwise support the 
transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via, 
email, telephone or facsimile; or enable high volume, automated, electronic 
processes that send queries or data to the systems of Registry Operator, 
Registry Service Provider, or Registrar except as reasonably necessary to 
register domain names or modify existing registrations. The compilation, 
repackaging, disseminations or other use of the Whois Data is expressly 
prohibited without the prior consent of Registry Operator. Registry Operator 
reserves the right to restrict third party access to Whois Data through these 
public resources in its sole discretion to ensure operational stability. Registry 
Operator may restrict or block access to Whois Data for failure to abide by 
the Terms of Use.

Notice:  The expiration data displayed in this record is the date the 
Registrars sponsorship of the domain name registration in is currently set to 
expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration date of the 
domain name Registrants Registration Agreement with the sponsoring 
Registrar. Users may consult the sponsoring Registrars Whois Data to view 
the Registrars reported date of expiration for a specific domain name.
